h1. For Sale

Web app for posting things you want to sell.  Buyers contact you by filling out a contact form which sends you an email.  See "http://moving.enriquez.me":http://moving.enriquez.me for an example.

h2. Initial Setup

h3. Database and App config files

Copy and modify configuration files
<pre><code>
cp config/app_config.example.yml config/app_config.yml
cp config/database.example.yml config/datbase.yml
</code></pre>

h3. Setting APP_CONFIG variables

These can be set in config/app_config.yml or using your system's environment variables. If deploying to Heroku, they can be set using "config vars":http://docs.heroku.com/config-vars.

*  *config_login*. Username for /config area.
*  *config_password*. Password for /config area.
*  *domain*. Full domain of the app. ex: domain.com
*  *gmail_domain*. Gmail domain for email smtp. ex: domain.com
*  *gmail_username*. Gmail username. ex: username@domain.com
*  *gmail_password*. Gmail password.
*  *email_recipient*. Email address to receive website inqueries.
*  *access_key_id*. Amazon S3 access key id.
*  *secret_access_key*. Amazon S3 secret access key.
*  *s3_bucket*. Amazon S3 bucket name. Leave blank to store photos on the filesystem.

h2. User's Guide

h3. Config area

Visit /config and log in to create users.  The users can now login at /admin

h3. Admin area

Click on "Create a Product" and fill out the form.  Once it is created go to it's "Details", and you can upload photos for that product.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2010 Mike Enriquez
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

